# GenericToBinaryProblem
Converting a generic linear problem to binary linear problem. A file with the generic linear problem is the input and the output is a file with the binary linear problem.

First, the program reads all the lines of the file 'lp1.txt' containing the general linear problem and enters them into a list. To compute the function of the corresponding binary problem, it performs the following operations:
- Through the minmax function, which takes, as parameters, the 1st line of the linear problem, its first 3 characters by splitting the characters into a list, takes the 1st element that is either min or max and returns the reverse; then with the binary_function function, it creates a list containing the right-hand side of the constraints of the problem along with the coefficients.


For the constraints of the binary problem, it performs the following functions:
- First, for each line of the file, from the second to the second-to-last line, which are the constraints of the original problem, through the get_coefficients function, it returns, in lists, the coefficients of the variablesand their signs. The above function first finds all the coefficients of the variables in the line, all the coefficients of variables that have a coefficient equal to one, and then all the remaining coefficients. It then creates a list of coefficients where in the positions where there is no variable it enters zero and in the positions where the coefficient of the variable is equal to one, it enters one. It also creates a list where the signs of the coefficients are entered, and if there is no variable with a specific index, it enters a blank in the corresponding position. Then, via the get_correct_order function it puts the coefficients and signs in the order in which they should be in the corresponding binary problem. With the binary_right_side function, in a similar way, it returns the coefficients and signs of the x's from the first row of the general problem that make up the right side of the binary problem. With the binary_constraints_operators function, it returns the alphanumeric corresponding to the constraints of the binary problem accordingly.

- 
For the last line where the constraints of the variables are found, through the binary_var_constraints function, which for each line of constraints of the general problem and then depending on the prefixed alphanumeric which is the inequality constraint or equality and the type of problem (min or max), returns the corresponding constraint of the variables in the binary problem.
